Include full FATE 2 code with init in trees (#3546)
aeternity/aeternity: docs/release-notes/next-iris/GH-3546-fate-include-init.md

> * Include full FATE 2 code with init in trees this improvement includes state channels

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Include full FATE 2 code with init in state trees. This also applies to offchain contracts in state channels
```
